Each strategy is a sequence of operators.  The two strategies that the
model is given at the beginning of each simulatior run are retrieval
and the sum strategy.  Retrieval has only one operator: {Try
retrieval}, whereas the sum strategy is composed of the following long
sequence of operators: {Put down all my fingers, Select one hand (at
random), Select one addend (at random), Say the selected addend, Clear
echoic memory, Count up from one while raising fingers on the selected
hand, Switch to the other hand, Switch to the other addend, Say this
addend, Clear echoic memory, Count up from one while raising fingers
on this hand, Choose a hand, Clear echoic memory, Count all raised
fingers on the selected hand from one, Switch to the other hand, Count
all raised fingers on this hand from where the last count left off,
Report the answer as the last stated value}.

For convenience, this long sequence is represented by the abbreviated
list:

   (CLEAR-HANDS CHOOSE-HAND CHOOSE-ADDEND SAY-ADDEND CLEAR-EB RAISE
    SWAP-HANDS SWAP-ADDENDS SAY-ADDEND CLEAR-EB RAISE CHOOSE-HAND       
    CLEAR-EB COUNT-FINGERS SWAP-HANDS COUNT-FINGERS END!)

In these terms, the Min strategy is represented as follows:

   (CLEAR-HANDS CHOOSE-HAND CHOOSE-LARGER-ADDEND SAY-ADDEND SWAP-HANDS
       SWAP-ADDENDS RAISE END!)

Notice that with the exception of the replacement of CHOOSE-ADDEND by
CHOOSE-LARGER-ADDEND, Min is composed of the same operators as Sum in
the same order, but many have been deleted by SCADS' discovery
operators.

Along the way between Sum and Min, numerous valid and invalid
strategies are proposed ((this is described in the existing text)).
An example of an invalid strategy is this one:

   (CLEAR-HANDS CHOOSE-HAND CHOOSE-ADDEND SAY-ADDEND CLEAR-EB RAISE
    SWAP-HANDS SWAP-ADDENDS SAY-ADDEND CLEAR-EB        CHOOSE-HAND       
    CLEAR-EB COUNT-FINGERS SWAP-HANDS COUNT-FINGERS END!)

in which the second "RAISE" operator has been deleted.  This strategy
may be proposed by SCADS' discovery heuristics because in some cases
(specifically, problems with equal addends, such as 4+4) there is an
apparent redundancy of counting.  However, if this strategy were to be
executed, the second addend would be left out of the sum.  This
violates the goal sketch filter principle that both addends must be
represented in the result, and so it is rejected before it is even
tried.


